# data-incubator-challenge-project
We are facing a serious viral pandemic threat in our current times. COVID-19 is not the first, it won’t be the last and it looks like its here to stay for a long while. Recent advancements in technology have made it possible, like never before, collection and studying of huge amounts of data. Thousands of research teams around the world are combining their efforts to collect data and develop solutions to solve problems like:  Identify who is most at risk Diagnose patients Predict the spread of the disease, Understand viruses better, Map where viruses come from Predict the next pandemic. I wanted to help in this regard by focusing on a small yet significant portion of the problem, mapping the virus, and deriving valuable information. The tasks associated with the dataset I found on Kaggle are developed and evaluated by global frontline healthcare providers, hospitals, suppliers, and policymakers. They represent key research questions where insights developed by the Kaggle community can be most impactful in the areas of at-risk population evaluation and capacity management. Utilizing this data would mean using the marvels of modern technology towards building a better future. I wanted to use unsupervised kmeans algorithm to group countries based on many different factors. I attempted to group different countries using kmeans mainly based on health care quality. The results are such that we can study and learn from various clusters generated. Valuable information comes to light such as why some countries might have more cases and what kinds of factors lead to such numbers. It would serve as a good tool for visualising lines after lines of data. 
